Theo Worst one month job loss in American history. We still have a high level of excessive way are launching a trial. Good morning, and welcome to Sunday today on this May 10th. I'm Willie Geist. A very happy Mother's Day to all of you moms out there. We will celebrate appropriately this morning. But first, let's get you caught up on the latest Corona virus developments. White House Task Force Dr Anthony Fauci is among three top doctors now in self quarantine after being exposed to a person with Corona virus to people within the White House have tested positive for the virus within the past few days. Some welcome news for sports fans. Last night, the UFC held a slate of fights in Florida with no crowd in the arena. Night began with a taped address from President Trump congratulating UFC on its return. Meantime, there now are more than one 0.3 million cases of Corona virus here in the United States, and the death toll is approaching 80,000. But let's begin this morning with the overnight news from the White House that Dr Anthony Fauci is one of three top doctors now in self quarantine NBC's Kelly O Donnell is at the White House with more Kelly. Good morning. Good Morning, Willie. Just as the White House is trying to send a message of going back toe work with the president and vice president keeping their travel schedules, three of the most prominent medical voices in this federal response are doing the opposite. Staying home. Adhering to guidelines They hope other Americans will follow three of the nation's top doctors following their own medical advice. Choosing self quarantine as Dr Anthony Fauci once prescribed, the idea about self isolating for two weeks will be very important. Foci plans a modified quarantine mask wearing with limited outside contact, while CDC director Robert Redfield, an FDA director, Stephen Hahn will remain home for two weeks. We have a powerful tool, a powerful weapon that is social distancing, each taking these steps as a precaution after they were exposed to a person with Corona virus. New fallout from the second positive case this week inside the White House pens press secretary Katie Miller, who works closely with the task force. Late Saturday, a Senate committee, expecting Redfield and Han to testify this week announced the White House granted Ah, one time exception allowing them to appear by video conference around the White House grounds. New unmistakable change face covering suddenly in use by a number of government employees. As the president conducted a national security session late Saturday, we've had a very productive meeting. Secret Service agents near President Trump covered their faces, but the president and military brass who are all tested did not mixed signals that can cause uncertainty with the virus. Inside the West Wing, The Washington Post reports. AIDS deemed essential have been encouraged by supervisors to come into the office, not taking 14 days to self isolate. A White House statement notes. Every precaution is taken listing social distancing, temperature checks, regular deep cleaning and daily testing. But it does not mention self quarantine. All right. Kelly O Donnell with White House Kelly Thank you very much. Chuck Todd is NBC's political director and moderator of Meet the Press. Chuck, good morning. Good to see you as always. So you have Dr Anthony Fauci the face of this pandemic here in the United States, imposing a self quarantine on himself for a couple of weeks. This kind of flies in the face of the signals the president has been giving all week, which is that we need to transition to greatness as he tweeted turning the page in the country toe looking to open the economy. This is a president who really wants to refocus. As he said, that task force is gonna b'more about looking at the economy than on the public health questions. You know, Willie, this week you watch this president, and it felt like, ah, weird plot twist in a horror movie, right? He wants to focus on reopening the economy, and it's almost like the virus had its own brain and it said, Oh, no, you don't, Mr President, I am coming inside your house. And so it was this stark reminder that it isn't a light switch that you can have, and it's sort of to me put the spotlight on the on. The president's sort of in attention to the issue of what do you do toe help make people feel comfortable opening up the economy? You know this whole thing he has just been saying, Let's go, Come on, Governors, open it up without ever acknowledging that it's going to take this, you know, a dramatic increase in testing and tracing. And then, of course, we see the we see the result in his own West Wing staff. So here we are. I think it puts a huge spotlight on this issue on this issue of a lack of testing. And, of course, you can reopen the economy. But public pollings shows that most Americans of all political stripes aren't quite ready to go back and resume. Life is normal until they get their arms around this disease. Chuck, thank you very much. We will look for much more from Chuck on. Meet the Press this morning, when the topic is public health versus the economy. On Friday, the Department of Labor delivered the worst monthly jobs report since the end of the Great Depression. The unemployment rates skyrocketing to 14.7% in April, with more than 20 million jobs lost in the month alone, and experts say that number probably is actually far worse. Andrew Ross Sorkin is a New York Times columnist and co anchor of CNBC's Squawk Box. Andrew, Good Morning, Great to See you. So let's talk through these numbers. Obviously 14.7%. We sort of knew something bad was coming but devastating to see it. Actually, On paper, the government has poured a ton of money as you know better than anybody into this problem, trying to help small businesses. What can be done at some point to blunt these numbers? Because a lot of people believe May could be even worse. And you know, every every one of these numbers is it has a name behind it and a family behind, and I think often times we get lost in these large statistics. But I think you know the conversation you were having just just before with Chuck. It's about confidence. It's about the risk appetite to some degree of the American people. And it ultimately should be about the science behind getting people back, whether that's testing, whether that's a vaccine, whether that's therapeutics. And I think that's the real question here as to when we talk about the statistics is being, you know, are we in a great Depression? We're not in a great depression yet, but if this persists for months, if this persists even longer than that, we will have ah, demonstrable problem in a real tragedy on our hands and er, is this just a problem? Perhaps that's bigger than the government can manage. As I said, more than a trillion dollars of stimulus pumped into the economy. And yet we see these numbers well. The problem is that at this particular moment, it's not just about money. It really is about providing confidence to people that they can go out. They could go to the store, they can go to a restaurant. They could do these things. And until people feel comfortable and as you suggested, the polling numbers don't suggest it. But until they feel comfortable, it's gonna be very hard to re kick start the economy unless you believe. And there are people out there who believe that the American people have a larger quote, risk appetite, not some of that risk appetite, maybe economic desperation. In truth, you look at some of these statistics that came out on Friday 22% that took the real unemployment rate for people who don't have a high school diploma is 22% have a college diploma. It's only 8.4% so there are people who might be willing to go out there and take risk and perversely, if they dio. Oddly enough, that's good for the economy. Absolutely devastating numbers. And as I said, they may get worse from here. Andrew Ross Sorkin. Thank you very much. Great to see in my friend. We appreciate it. Great to see you. And as we had to break our photo of the week, this photograph is as close as you ever want to get to the Asian giant Hornet known as the Murder Hornets gained national notoriety this week when The New York Times reported murder Hornets, which normally are found in Japan, had been spotted in Washington state. Hornet gained its not so subtle nickname because of the way it hunts honeybees and can sting through a beekeeper suit with a potentially lethal strike, many people online pointing out 2020 not really a good time for the Murder Hornet to buzz into our lives.