amid a new warning of the dangers from Dr Anthony Fauci. In testimony from his home office yesterday, he told the senators that people may die needlessly. States continue to ease social distancing rules before Corona virus infection rates decline, but the vast majority of states are now starting to reopen without following White House guidelines. Many businesses are taking precautions on their own, but others have been packed with people. There's already been a spike in new cases in some areas with loosened restrictions. Nancy Cordes is on Capitol Hill Forest. Nancy Dr Fauci did have some positive news about a vaccine which will get, too. But what else did he have to say? Well, Tony, the good news is that Fauci said vaccine development is moving more quickly than initially expected that we could see whether these clinical trials have been successful by late, full early winter. In the meantime, though, he argued that most states are courting a second wave of cases by reopening too soon. My concern is that we will start to see little spikes that might turn into outbreaks. Speaking from his home in D. C, Dr Anthony Fauci told senators. It's dangerous for states to reopen before infection rates drop. There is a really risk that you will trigger an outbreak you may not be able to control, he said. The true U. S death toll is likely higher than the official count of more than 80,000. And he said a vaccine will not be ready in time for the fall semester at schools and universities. The idea of having treatments available or a vaccine to facilitate the reentry of students into the full term would be something that would be a bit of a bridge too far. Still, Kentucky Republican Rand Paul challenged Fauci's cautious stance. And as much as I respect to Dr Fauci, I don't think you're the end whole. I don't think you're the one person that gets to make a decision. I have never made myself out to be the end of all and only voice in this. We don't know everything about this virus and we really better be very careful, particularly when it comes to Children, because the more and more we learn we're seeing things about with this fires could do that. We didn't see from the studies in China or in Europe, all the witnesses and many senators attended the hearing remotely to reduce the risk of infection. Rhona There was bipartisan dismay in the government's early response. I find are testing record nothing to celebrate whatsoever? Ah, contrast to the president's triumphant tone on testing the day before. There's nobody close to us in the world, and we certainly have done a great job in testing. Connecticut Senator Chris Murphy urged the task force to issue more guidelines to states about reopening. When are we gonna get this expertise from the federal government? I do anticipate this broader guidance, though, to be posted on the CDC website soon. I can't soon isn't terribly helpful. Thank you, Mr Chairman. House Democrats released their massive new rescue bill yesterday. It's worth about $3 trillion with more payments to state and local governments to working Americans and more money for testing. The House is expected to vote on it on Friday, but Senate Republicans are already rejecting it, saying Anthony, that it's too expensive. Nancy, thank you