There's breaking news from Washington tonight, an official confirms US Vice President Mike Pence is going to distance himself from others after his press secretary tested positive for Cove in 19. But Pence is not self isolating or under quarantine. He is following the advice of the White House medical team. He has repeatedly tested negative for the virus, But Dr Anthony Fauci and two other members of the U. S task force handling the pandemic are in quarantine. Now, as Jennifer Johnson reports, it shows how little control there is over the virus in that part of the world. Kobe, 19 has reached the inner circle of the White House. Centers for Disease Control director Dr Robert Redfield, Food and Drug Administration head Dr Stephen Hahn and the country's lead infectious disease, Dr Anthony Fauci, are all self isolating further proof of how difficult this virus is to control. We have to understand that we're riding this Tiger were not directing it. This virus is going to do what it's going to do. What we can do is only nibble at the edges. Fauci and the others will now have to testify before a Senate health committee this week by a video teleconference. When people do get exposed to the virus, if they know what, they should self quarantine to protect others from getting it. And that's the process we've been we've been doing from Day one. Last week, two people with daily access to The West Wing Katie Miller, vice president, Mike Pence, press secretary and one of President Trump's ballets who served some of his meals tested positive for Cove in 19 that forced major changes. The president and I not only will be tested every day, but I think everyone that comes into contact with president will be tested every day. White House staff are now reportedly wearing Mass, but no one at a Joint Chiefs of Staff meeting Saturday with the president had went on. Meanwhile, as Americans grow restless and more stay at home, orders are relaxed. New outbreaks are emerging, including one in Pasadena, California stemming from a large birthday party. Large gatherings are still not allowed under that state's rules. I extend caution to other families that think well, we got this. This is behind us. It's sadly and tragically, not. Other governors who have reopened their states are being forced to take drastic actions. All city beaches in Naples, Florida, have been ordered to shut down again after people refuse to socially distance themselves. Lawmakers still fearing this virus, even as some Americans do not. Jennifer Johnson GLOBAL NEWS Washington The clubs are closed, but the beat goes on for partygoers At this drive in rave in Germany, DJs pumped out the music to the car bound crowd. Socially distant dancing was allowed with no more than two people per vehicle. Last month, Germany began gradually easing lock down restrictions. But infections are now rising. Spain is guardedly optimistic about the latest death toll. In the past 24 hours, 143 people have died, but the daily death toll hasn't been that low since March 18th. The daily caseload is trending upwards, though more than 800 people tested positive Saturday, up from 721 on Friday. Tomorrow, more than half of Spain will move into the first phase of lifting some lock down measures. Gatherings of up to 10 people will be permitted and people will be able to travel within their own province. Bars, restaurants and stores can open, but fewer customers will be allowed in. Museums, gyms and hotels will also reopen to Spain's biggest cities. Madrid and Barcelona remain in lock down. France is preparing to relax. It's locked down tomorrow after 55 days, shops and schools and libraries will reopen. But restrictions remain in most of the country's east, including Paris, due to a higher risk of infection. There are more than 136,000 confirmed cases of Cove in 19. In France, which has suffered one of the worst death rates in Europe. Britain has a new cove in 19 alert system to chart Britain's progress during this pandemic. Today, Prime Minister Boris Johnson detailed the five phases. Level one indicates Kobe 19 is no longer present, while Level five is the most critical. Johnson says. The UK is currently at level four, so there is still a way to go. But by following those guidelines, the government will be able to gauge if more severe or relaxed measures are required. That coded alert level will be determined primarily by our on the number of Corona virus cases and in turn that Kobe the alert level will tell us how tough we have to be in our social distancing measures. And Johnson says if all goes well, shops and some schools could reopen in June. The new series that goes inside the Cove in 19 Pandemic from the front lines to the everyday heroes helping us cope with the unprecedented change. Corona virus. The New Reality, a global news special. Sundays at seven on Global.