thank you very much, Mr Chairman, or ranking member Murray and members of the committee. Thank you for giving me the opportunity to discuss with you today the role. The National Institutes of Health and Research addressing Covert 19. There are at least eight candidate Copan, 19 vaccines in clinical development. The Noh has been collaborating with a number of pharmaceutical companies at various stages of development. You might recall in this committee that in January of this year I said that it would take about one year to 18 months if we were successful in developing a vaccine. The N I H trial moved very quickly on January 10th sequence was known. On January the 11th the Vaccine Research Center met to develop a plan on the 14th of January. We officially started the vaccine development 62 days later. We have now in phase one clinical trial, with the two doses already fully enroll. If we are successful, we hope to know that in the late fall and early winter, they're awesome important issues. However, in covert 19 vaccine development, we have many candidates and hope to have multiple winners. In other words, it's multiple shots on goal will be producing vaccine at risk, which means we'll be investigating. Considerable resource is in developing doses. Even before we know any given candidate what candidates work, I must warn that there's also the possibility of negative consequences with certain vaccines can actually enhance the negative effect of the infection. The big unknown is efficacy. Will it be present or absence? And how durable will it be? Given our history with vaccine creation for other Corona viruses? How likely is it? I mean, is it extremely likely we're going to get a vaccine within a year or two? Is it just more likely than not? Or is it kind of a long shot? It's definitely not a long shot. Uh, Senator on the I would think that it is more likely than not that we will, because this is a virus that induces an immune response that people recover. The overwhelming majority of people recover from this virus. Although there is good morbidity and mortality at a level in certain populations, the very fact that the body is capable off spontaneously clearing the virus tells me that at least from a conceptual standpoint, we can stimulate the body with a vaccine that would induce a similar response. So although there's no guarantee, I think it clearly, much more likely than not that somewhere within that time frame, we will get a vaccine for this Fires. I just like to hear your honest opinion. We have the Corona virus contained. Uh, senator, thanks for the question. Right now, it depends on what you mean by containment. If you think that we haven't completely on, you know? I mean, if you look at the dynamics of the outbreak, we're seeing a diminution of hospitalizations and infections in some places, such as in New York City, which has plateau and starting to come down New Orleans. But in other parts of the country, we are seeing spikes. So when you look at the dynamics of new cases, even though some are coming down, the current looks flat, with some slight coming down. So I think we're going in the right direction. But the right direction does not mean we have, by any means, total control of this outbreak. Don't you have enough robust counter measures in place that we don't have to worry about a bad fall and winter right now? The projection as you've heard from Admiral Joel with regard, the testing and other elements that would be needed to respond. The projection is that by the time we get to the end of summer interns all that we will have that in place. Of course, if you do not do an adequate response, we will have the gelateria is consequence mawr infections and more deaths. As we do not respond in an adequate way when the fall comes given that it is without a doubt that they will be, infections will be in the community and we run the risk of having a resurgence. I would hope at that point in time in the fall that we have more than enough to respond at it. But we don't. It will be problem. You've stated publicly that you bet it all that survivors of a Corona virus have some form of immunity. Can you help set the record straight with scientific writer, as is being accumulated is supportive. That infection corona fires likely leads to some form of immunity. Dark scratching. Yeah. Thank you for the question. Senator Paul. Yes. You're correct that I have said that given what we know about the recovery from viruses such as Corona viruses in general or even any infectious disease, with very few exceptions that when you have anybody present it is very likely indicates a degree of protection. I think it's in the semantics of how this is expressed when you say, Has it been formally proven by long turn natural history studies, which is the only way that you can prove one isn't protective, which I said and would repeat, is likely that it is. But also what is the degree or tighter of anybody that gives you that critical level of protection? What is the durability? As I've often said again, Repeat, you could make a reasonable assumption that it would be protective, but natural history studies over a period of months, two years, but then tell you definitively, if that's the case, we don't know everything about this virus, and we really better be very careful, particularly when it comes to Children, because the more and more we learn I was seeing things about with this, fires could do that. We didn't see from the studies in China or in Europe, for example, right now, Children presenting with covitz 16 covert 19 who actually have a very strange inflammatory syndrome very similar to Kawasaki syndrome. I think we better be careful if we are not cavalier and thinking that Children are completely immune. The military's effects. The official statistic, Dr Fauci, is that 80,000 Americans have died from the pandemic. There are some epidemiologist who suggests the number maybe 50% higher nut. Uh, what do you think? Um, I'm not sure, Senator Sanders, if it's gonna be 50% higher. But most of us feel that the number of deaths are likely harder than that number because given the situation, particularly in New York City, when they were really strapped with a very serious challenge to their health care system, that there may have been people who died at home who did have small vid who were not counted as Kobe because they never really got to the hospital. So, in direct answer to your question, I think you are correct that the number is likely higher. I don't know exactly what this entire, but almost certainly it's higher. The mainstream media and these from my colleagues in the Senate. It seemed toe want pain. Each of your relationship with president during the wartime effort is confrontational. Lacking consensus is, can you categorically say, here to the American people in a whether this is true or untrue? Yes. No, there is certainly not a confrontational relationship between me and the president, a zai mentioned many times. I give advice, opinion based on evidence based scientific information. Uh, he hears that he respects it. He gets opinions from a variety of other people. But in no way, in my experience over the last several months has there been any confrontational relationship between us.