testing us to testing Test test has testing test test test more tests than any country on Earth by far these a role different products that were literally just developed. These air, the best machines and the best equipment anywhere in the world and other countries air calling us. We have met the moment and we have prevailed. I think it's clear that America does lead the world in testing. No one beats American. No other country in the world comes close to the total numbers. No matter how you look at it, America is leading the world in testing. We are tested. We have great capability. You look at all of these machines here. They're incredible machines, the best anywhere in the world. No, no place in the world has this kind of equipment. Other countries, they're calling sophisticated cup countries. They're calling lots of countries. This is a 5 to 15 minute test. As an example, The Abbott Laboratories That's these tests are highly sophisticated. Very quick, very good. This is things that didn't even exist a short while ago. So we do have a great testing capability, said in your comments earlier. We have met the moment we have prevailed, you 30. The mission accomplished, even with one point. No, we've prevailed on testing is what I'm referring to. That was with regard to testing. We have a great testing capacity. Now. It's getting even better. Is nobody close to us in the world? We certainly have done a great job on testing. We have prevailed. We have the best equipment anywhere in the world, promising that everyone who needs a touch will be able to get one. When will that be a true statement? Exactly what's a true statement? Already, we have more testing than any country in the world by far were doing so well on tests and so quick and so fast. Five minutes, etcetera. And so accurate. Why hasn't testing gotten up to the point where every mayor American who want to test can get a calf? They should all be able to get a test right now. They should be able to get It says That's the problem with a question like that. We go through a hole announcement saying when number one in the world, by far by a factor of two and even three and four, depending on where you're looking and I get a question. When will everybody be able to get tested? If somebody wants to be tested right now, they'll be able to be tested. You said twice you today that every American who wants a test can get a test. Yes, that's not the case. Not everybody should get a test because they have toe have certain things and they're going to know when they're not feeling right. Those are the people that will be getting the test we have now and nobody says it. They just don't want to write it by far more tests than any other country in the world, not even a contest. And the quality of our test is the best anywhere in the world. If people want to get tested, they get tested. We have the greatest capacity in the world, not even close many times that the U. S. Is doing far better than any other country when it comes to testing. Why does that matter? Why is this a global competition to you? If everyday Americans are still losing their lives and we're still seeing more cases every day, well, they're losing their lives everywhere in the world And maybe that's a question you should ask China. Don't ask me. Has China that question? Okay. When you ask them that question, you may get a very unusual answer. Yes. Behind you. Please, sir. Why are you saying that to me? Specifically? I'm telling you, I'm not saying it specifically to anybody. I'm saying it. Anybody would asking nasty questions. Please. Go ahead. Okay. Uh, anybody else, please go ahead in the back place. It's okay. You want me? I have two questions. Next next place. You called on me? I did, and you didn't respond. And now I'm calling on the young lady in the back. Please, Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much. Appreciate it. Thank you very much.